IaC scanning (#25566)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/cloud_security_management/iac_scanning.md

---
title: IaC Scanning
private: true
---

> <div class="alert alert-info">Static Infrastructure as Code (IaC) scanning is in private beta.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info">Static Infrastructure as Code (IaC) scanning is in Preview.</div>
```
Just noting we can say Preview as long as it doesn't say Private Beta in the UI.

{{< img src="security/csm/iac_scanning_explorer.png" alt="CSM Explorers page displaying detected misconfigurations in cloud resources" width="100%">}}

## Supported providers

- **Version control system**: GitHub
- **Infrastructure as code tool**: Terraform

## Setup

### Set up the GitHub integration

Follow [the instructions][3] for creating a GitHub app for your organization.

<div class="alert alert-info">To use IaC scanning, you must give the GitHub App <code>Read & Write</code> permissions for <code>Contents</code> and <code>Pull Requests</code>. These permissions can be applied to all or select repositories.
</div>

### Enable IaC scanning for your repositories

After you set up the GitHub integration, enable IaC scanning for the repositories in your GitHub account.

1. On the [CSM Setup page][4], expand the **Source Code Integrations** section.
2. Click **Configure** for the GitHub account you want to configure.
3. To enable IaC scanning:
    - All repositories: Toggle **Enable Infrastructure as Code (IaC) Scanning** to the on position.

>     - Single repository: Toggle the **IAC Scanning** option for the specific repository to the on position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Single repository: Toggle the **IAC** option for the specific repository to the on position.
```
Just based on a quick glance in Demo, it appears that this column is just "IAC".

Author: IAC is for remediation. For scanning, the toggle is labeled "IAC Scanning". But that's a good point, though. It's a little confusing to have IAC and IAC Scanning toggles. I'll pass that along to the PMs.
